<current_dom_explanation>
This is a temporary snapshot of the current page's DOM structure. The DOM will change if you navigate to or interact with another page. Use a tool like browser_get_dom to capture and preserve the DOM in your trajectory if needed for later reference.
</current_dom_explanation>
<current_dom>
Attachments:   	Invoice - COGS (Apostilled) - Los Romeros Limited.pdf
Hi Philip,
Hope you are well !
Please find attached invoice for the Legalisation of your 'Certificate of Good Standing'.
We would kindly ask that you arrange payment of £126 this week.
Payment can be made directly to us via our Wincham Client Bank Account below.
Payment can only be made from another UK Sterling Account.
Wincham International Limited (Tide Account)
Official Bank Name: Clearbank LTD
Account: 14689723
Sort Code: 04:06:05
Should you require any further information or assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Many thanks.
Kind Regards
Helen Barnett
Wincham Client Support
Dated :
12/Feb/2026
Message Type:
General Note
Added By :
Case Director
Sent to :    
                        (
Mark Roach(Case Director),  Spanish Consultant(Case Director),
)
From:   	"Helen Barnett" helen.barnett@wincham.com
Date:   	Thu, 12 Feb 2026 14:00:08 -0000
To:   	tds@ilettclark.co.uk
Cc:   	mark@wincham.com, phil.harrison1904@gmail.com
Subject:   	Power of Attorney - To be used in Spain (Philip Anthony Harrison)
Attachments:   	POA from LTD to sell (Philip Anthony Harrison).doc, Passport (Philip Anthony Harrison).pdf
Good Afternoon Mr Sorby,
Hope this finds you well !
We contact you in the hope that you can assist our client, Philip Anthony Harrison, in the signing of a Power of Attorney to be used in Spain.
You may recall that you have kindly assisted us in the past.
Ideally, he would like an appointment at your earliest convenience (for which we kindly ask that you arrange directly with him).
Please find the document attached which needs to be Notarised and then Apostilled.
A copy of the photo pages of his passport needs to be attached to the Power of Attorney and Notarised. The copy of the passport does not need to be Apostilled. (I have attached a copy for your ease of reference).
Once the signing has taken place, can you please arrange for the Apostille to take place as soon as possible with the FCO. (Some Notaries use a Consular Agent to speed up the process. Again, if this is something you offer, could you please advise of the additional costs so that Philip is aware).
I would then kindly ask that you send to the address details below in Spain via 'Courier'. (I have highlighted in bold for your ease of reference).
FAO Jenny
Notaria de calpe Patricia del rio Fernandez
Carrer la Santamaría, 10, Bajo.
03710, Calpe, Alicante, Spain
Teléfono: +34 965 83 09 50
email: info@notariadecalpe.com
I'd appreciate a copy of the Apostilled document (via email) before it is despatched to Spain if at all possible. Please can you confirm if you are able to assist us in this request ?
I would be grateful if you could advise should any amendments to the Power of Attorney be necessary.
Once you have confirmed all is ok with the document, can you please liaise directly with Philip to arrange the appointment. (I've copied him in on the email also).
I presume that he brings his current Passport, a form of address ID, as well as payment of your fees (perhaps you could confirm this information directly with Philip when you arrange the appointment).
His telephone number is 07765 252 678 for your ease of reference.

</current_dom>