<current_dom_explanation>
This is a temporary snapshot of the current page's DOM structure. The DOM will change if you navigate to or interact with another page. Use a tool like browser_get_dom to capture and preserve the DOM in your trajectory if needed for later reference.
</current_dom_explanation>
<current_dom>
, this will provide direct contact with all the authorised people working on your case including Lawyers and Accountants
WHAT IS THE BENEFIT?
Once the company owns the property there is no longer a requirement to have a Will in Spain in respect of this property.
There would be no Spanish IHT Tax payable on the death of the current or future beneficiaries.
There would be no Legal Fees in Spain payable on the death of the current or future beneficiaries.
As the company is a UK PRIVATE LIMITED COMPANY an Executor in the UK can easily deal with the Shares and Loan Account in the company. (The Loan Account represents the funds provided by the Shareholder(s) to the company for the onward financing and running costs of the company and the property, this may also include flights to and from Spain for the Directors and car hire whilst in Spain.)
There may be significant benefits and tax savings in the UK in respect of UK IHT. We do have a panel of experts who could advise you on your options in sheltering your UK company asset in respect of IHT.
Should you wish to sell the property in the future you may consider selling the company with the property in it.
Should you become ill or unable to deal with the property during your ownership of the company you would be able to appoint a Beneficiary as a Director of the company and authorise him/her to deal with all matters relating to the company and the property on your behalf.
It is much simpler to involve beneficiaries and partners who are not directly related to you in a company rather than a Spanish Property.
The Company may be able to claim tax relief on direct property expenses and to claim tax relief on the fees, expenses and taxes in respect of the Property Transfer transaction.

</current_dom>