One important benefit to owning a UK company is the saving of the Spanish IHT. I have uploaded a free illustration on what you may pay regarding Spanish IHT. Also if you continue to read out illustration, it will tell you more information on what we do. You may be interested in viewing the short video. This can be found at http://www.winchamiht.com.
I will highlight below some of the benefits associated with owning a property in Spain via a UK Company:
· There would be no longer a requirement for the buyers to have a Will in Spain in respect of this property.
· There would be no Spanish IHT Tax payable on the death of the current or future beneficiaries.
· There would be no Legal Fees in Spain payable on the death of the new or future beneficiaries.
· As the Company is a UK private Limited Company a beneficiary can easily deal with the Shares and Loan Account in the Company. (The Loan Account represents the funds provided by the Shareholder(s) to the Company for the onward financing and running costs of the Company and the property, this may also include flights to and from Spain for the Directors and car hire whilst in Spain.)
· Should you wish to sell the property in the future you may consider selling the Company with the property in it. The benefit to you as the seller is that there would be no 3% retention in Spain. The buyer also benefits in negating the property Transfer Tax which currently is 7% at this level.
· Should you become ill or unable to deal with the property during their ownership of the Company you would be able to appoint a Beneficiary as a Director and authorise them to deal with all matters relating to the Company and the property on your behalf.
· The Company may be able to claim Tax relief on direct property expenses and to claim Tax relief on the fees, expenses and taxes in respect of the Property Transfer transaction. This can be flights, car or utilities, etc.
I appreciate their is a lot to read, should you have any questions, please feel free to contact myself.
Kind Regards
Darren Williams
Spanish Property Consultant
Dated :
14/May/2019
Message Type:
Emails - Wincham
Added By :
Case Director
Sent to :    
                        (
)
From:   "Darren Williams" darren.williams@wincham.com
Date:   Tue, 14 May 2019 15:38:54 +0100
To:   ph-bh01@hotmail.com
Cc:   Phil.harrison01@btinternet.com
Subject:   Legal fees for purchasing a company
