<current_dom_explanation>
This is a temporary snapshot of the current page's DOM structure. The DOM will change if you navigate to or interact with another page. Use a tool like browser_get_dom to capture and preserve the DOM in your trajectory if needed for later reference.
</current_dom_explanation>
<current_dom>
THE FACTS
Spanish ISD (IHT) is calculated differently than IHT in the UK where the taxation is based on the value of the Estate. In Spain IHT is calculated for the individual recipient with different allowances and taxation rates depending on the relationship of the Inheritor to the deceased. It is also based on the value of the inheritance rather than the total value of the asset.
We have prepared, in the schedule above, our assessment of the taxes and legal costs, in Spain, likely to be paid by your Beneficiaries. This schedule has been produced using the information you have supplied and is only a guide.
It should be noted that each beneficiary would need to probate individually in Spain, even if there is a Spanish Will.
We have assumed, for the purpose of this illustration that at the time of death, there would be no outstanding mortgage as in most cases this would have been repaid or will have been cleared by a Life Insurance policy.
At this time we do not propose to comment on any UK IHT except to say that a UK domiciled person has to account for IHT on their worldwide assets and the British Tax Authorities would add the Estate in Spain to the deceased UK assets and would require UK IHT, at 40%, to be paid based on the current UK rates and tax free limits. Double taxation relief is not available in respect of Spanish ISD or Gift Tax.
As you will see from the attached calculations there are potentially significant costs and taxes involved in transferring a property from the deceased to their beneficiaries. This is apart from the fact that the time scales for the successful transfer of the property could be anything from 6 months to 2 years and during this time all bank accounts of the deceased (including joint ones) would be frozen.

</current_dom>