<current_dom_explanation>
This is a temporary snapshot of the current page's DOM structure. The DOM will change if you navigate to or interact with another page. Use a tool like browser_get_dom to capture and preserve the DOM in your trajectory if needed for later reference.
</current_dom_explanation>
<current_dom>
As you will see from the attached calculations there are potentially significant costs and taxes involved in transferring a property from the deceased to their beneficiaries. This is apart from the fact that the time scales for the successful transfer of the property could be anything from 6 months to 2 years and during this time all bank accounts of the deceased (including joint ones) would be frozen.
OUR PROPOSITION
Our Company will provide the following
The formation of a UK Private Limited Company with the shares issued to the current registered owners of the property. The Directors of the company would be appointed by the shareholders
A UK Registered Office and ongoing Company Secretarial services dealing with all statutory filing of documents and maintaining the Companies Statutory books and records. The cost will be included for the first 12 months and then renewed annually on our published terms. This will ensure the longevity of the company and the security of the property
We will arrange for all necessary documents of the company to be translated into Spanish, Notarised in the UK and Apostilled by the Foreign Office in the UK
The Wincham Spanish Head Office & Legal Team will obtain a CIF number from the Spanish Tax Office, this will require a POA from the company authorising Wincham to act as Fiscal Representative on behalf of the Company in Spain. Wincham will deal with the property transfer, at the Notary, from the current owners to the company and finalise all property registrations and transfer taxes. We can arrange a suitable Power of Attorney giving the Gestor the authority to deal with the transfer on behalf of the client if required. There would be no necessity for the client to attend the Lawyer or Notary in Spain if a POA is provided. The cost of any POA’s and related translations will be charged to the client
We will issue Share Certificates and arrange registration of all Shares in the company and submit them to you
You will have private access to our secure online Case Management System
(www.wincham.com)
, this will provide direct contact with all the authorised people working on your case including Lawyers and Accountants

</current_dom>